OK so let's start writing the function to fetch they fetch to get to posting information.
So OK.
Inside the Jason.
Jason.
We're going to have of course a lot of things and right here we have a part just a part in the database
that is going to be subscriptions.
So whenever we just send this information we post this information is going to be stored right here
and see it working.
It's going to close it out.
Now I'm just going to go to home.
I'm sorry subscriptions.
I'm going to start doing the fetch.
Now if I go to the console to the terminal and go to the partial where we're running the the the adjacent
server.
We have one that is going to be local host 3 0 0 4 or whatever whatever port you have.
And then subscriptions.
So we need to make the call to this to this part.
So I'm going to just copy and I'm going to create a viable that is going to host this your l.
So it's going to be Konst and it's going to be Konst and I get a call that you are l underscore email
and this one is going to just contain whatever Yarnall we have got.
So now I'm going to close this.
We don't need it anymore.
So whenever we call subscriptions we need to do a fetch to this e-mail.
So we're going to go right here the bottom and start writing fetch.
Right.
So I'm going to say fetch and begin to open and close first.
We will need the URL and since we have it right here it's going to be your e-mail.
Now we need to set up the method.
So it's going to be open and closed just just like a object just like an object and for posts requests
we need to do a lot more things not that simpler.
So we need to do method and the method and the method is going to be post right.
So we need to set the headers whenever we send information we need set headers.
So I'm going to go right here and say headers this is going to be equal to an object you're going to
pass a couple of things.
First we need to the we need to set the accept So we're going to say except just like that and this
one is going to have it's going to contain a value but we need to send.
It's going to be the application that Jason is going to be application for Slash.
Jason right.
We're going to need to set the content type.
So we're going to go right here and say content and then dash time and everything is going to be with
just caps with uppercase.
So OK so what we need to do right here is the same thing with the except just going to copy all this
and just pass it right here at the bottom right.
So what else do we need.
We need it we need the body we need to send the body.
So I'm going to go right here.
Say coma and say body
so the body.
But whenever we send post data we're sending a Jason object that we have right here.
So we need to kind of grab this object and convert everything to string.
And this is not react.
It's just plain javascript.
We have a method just to convert.
This is going to be string fine OK.
So we're going to open and close and what we pass right here is going to be the email we have the we
have right here as an argument.
So this is going to have a ready.
So now what we need to do whenever we work with fach you're going to get just maybe a response and we
can grab that response and converted and grabbed the JSM from there so we can get a response it's going
to be rest and this one we're going to grab the response and then just do Jason right where we did this
we should be getting callback.
So I'm going to go right here the bottom and say dot then OK I'm going to open a close and this one
is going to be a function and it's going to be equal to whatever code we can run.
So whenever we send the information to the database it's going to save it.
And what we need to do now we need to update the state of the e-mail you know is going to send the information
save it but the email is going to steal that state of e-mail.
It's going to still contain the e-mail we are sending.
This is done but we need to clear the e-mail just just remove whatever value we have right here.
So since we want to change this state I'm going to say this.
Dodd sent state open close and it's an object right.
So OK so he can grab that e-mail and I'm going to say just nothing.
Just remove it from there.
Let's check if this is working.
Going to reload the page and I'm going to go right here.
Oh sorry.
It's not out yet.
We have a function.
I thought that we didn't get it.
Let's get to reload the page and it should be working.
And I'm going to go to Jason and right here.
Just want change.
Going to say Francis at gmail dot com.
I'm going to say enter and again we have it right here.
It just Insley showing right here we have e-mail Francis at gmail dot com.
And then the idea of one and this is directly from Jason server.
When add information is going to add an I.D..
OK.
So this is working and it's clearing the e-mail so get.
So now what we need to do we need to have a body date this what happens if the user enters something
that we don't want.
Cantor quick answer Oh it's not going to pass.
Of course we add the regs but now we have to show an error message.
Let's get.
So let's go to the next section and start adding some messages.
Whenever we validate this.